one of the easiest ways to make money on
social media is through affiliate
marketing while the first real business
that I ever launched was a online course
the first online success that I had in
business was through affiliate marketing
affiliate marketing is essentially a
strategy where you get to talk about and
promote the products that you love and
that you use and then when other people
buy those products you get a commission
fee on Amazon that commission fee is
like less than 1% but some people offer
upwards of 50 even 80% affiliate
Commission and if you're an affiliate
for a high ticket product like let's say
a multi thousand course or Mastermind
you could be getting paid thousands of
dollars for each conversion and of
course besides just the monetary benefit
the biggest benefit of affiliate
marketing is that that's all you have to
do all you have to do is promote and
sell the things you don't have to build
it you don't have to manage the backend
and all the tech you don't have to
distribute it or ship it if it's a
physical product you don't have to deal
with customer service if it's a course
you don't have to record all the videos
if it's like a m Master mind or a
training you don't actually have to be
the expert you can just use someone
else's expertise promote it to your
audience and get paid for doing so I
believe that every single entrepreneur
whether you have 100 followers or 100
million should be doing affiliate
marketing and I say that because like I
said I got started when I had 100
followers with affiliate marketing and I
saw the difference that it made for me
but now that I'm at this stage where I'm
networking with these other top
entrepreneurs and these people with
massive followings massive audiences
they're still being being Affiliates
themselves they are still being
Affiliates for each other's launches and
each other's products because it's just
a no-brainer it really simplifies the
process yet has a huge income and
earning potential and I tell you all
this because today's episode of build
your tribe is with Carolina Milan and
she's an expert in many things she is a
Powerhouse when it comes to personal
branding Ai and she really is best at
helping coaches and course creators
scale their businesses online there was
one thing that stood out to me recently
I was a part of an affiliate launch I
was not to spoil the beans or anything
or share too much of what we're going to
get into in this episode but I was an
affiliate for Dean graziosi and Tony
Robbins most recent launch I'm actually
their Instagram expert inside their new
course SL Academy and so I was an
affiliate I was like sure of course you
know if you guys are going to make me
your Instagram expert and you're going
to trust me to teach your audience about
Instagram well then I will of course in
turn promote and talk about your product
I'll promote and talk about this you
know Online Academy because I in it and
I believe that you know there's a lot of
other really great knowledge and experts
in here um and it was a great product
but during that launch they would send
out an affiliate leaderboard and say
here are the top 10 people who have
generated the most leads here's the 10
people who have made the most sales in
Carolina today's expert was always in
the top five like whoever you're
thinking of right now is like a major
big name in online marketing and digital
entrepreneurship she was right up there
with them these are people with millions
and millions of followers yet Carolina
who's got about 150,000 on Instagram is
right there with them and that's through
a few things that's through some of her
affiliate marketing strategies that's
through her email marketing strategies
and these are all things that I get to
pick her brain about during today's
episode we'll get to hear about her
entire journey and how she started way
back in the days of when Twitter was
still called Twitter and when Twitter
was the darling of social media when
Twitter was what was happening I get to
pick her brain about her journey and her
way of growing through social media and
growing alongside all of these different
changes and Al algorithms and platforms
and building the expertise that she now
has today we also talk about deciding
what language do you even put your
content in she's from Chile and Spanish
is her primary language yet she speaks
English in today's episode and she spoke
English in the majority of her content
for the majority of her time growing
online that of course leads us into the
conversation of Niche and when do you
pivot and how do you Niche down and how
does your Niche fit into personal
branding all of that and more is what's
going to be shared in today's episode so
without further Ado here is our full
conversation Carolina Welcome to today's
episode of build your tribe I'm so
excited to have you on today hi Brock
I'm excited to be here thank you for
having me of course I would love if you
could begin by introducing yourself to
our audience and anyone who hasn't had
the pleasure of coming across you on
social media or your podcast yet
absolutely well in short I'm kolina
Manan I'm from Chile I've been an
entrepreneur nor for the past 14 years I
started back in
2010 I quit my first and only job that
year to to pursue my dream which was to
have an online business to have
something that you know at the beginning
would give me the freedom that I was
looking for and at the same time to be
able to help other people with what I
was learning uh so I've been sharing my
journey ever since then um something
that I'm really passionate about is
digital marketing social media uh
everything that involves helping other
people grow their business personal
branding all that cool stuff and so yeah
I've been I've had a lot of ups and
downs over the past 14 years as you can
imagine uh but luckily more UPS than
Downs for
sure I love that I love that speaking
back about that um original online
business that you started back in 2010
can you tell me more about what that was
and how you got the idea to start that
initial business absolutely so couple
years before I had been you know I was
at my first job fresh out of University
I was following you know the regular
career path get get a job study get a
career and so once I was at my job I
realized hey this isn't for me I think I
don't want to be stuck in a cubicle for
the rest of my life let's see what's out
there this was 2008 so you were not even
born um you were like a little kid so
there wasn't there there were limited
things back then and one of the business
opportunities that I ran into is um
multi-level marketing or network
marketing and so I gave that a shot
failed miserably but thanks to that I
discovered digital marketing I
discovered social media I discovered a
few Concepts that I didn't know
attraction marketing personal branding
all these things and I discovered that
it wasn't indeed possible to have a
business online and not depend on other
people be able to travel and all the
things that I wanted to do so I started
learning more about that and then a few
I would say I think like a few maybe two
years
later uh I was finally able to quit my
job and uh I started working as a
freelance social media manager for a few
local businesses here in
Chile and that started almost by
accident because you know I started
using social media building my brand I
started my blog and business owners were
like just asking me for help like hey
can you help us with our Twitter
strategy which was very popular back in
2010 can you help us with our um
Facebook strategy yeah sure and so when
I got a couple clients I quit my job
started doing that and a couple years
later I discovered affiliate marketing
another very interesting business model
and that's where things really took off
when I started doing affiliate marketing
in
2012 um I started like making like an
income that would really allow me to to
have that freedom that I was looking for
and from there I started you know I
learned a lot about affiliate marketing
I learned a lot about traffic uh funnels
like all these Concepts that were
unfamiliar to me and then I started you
know teaching other people and realized
that hey this works for me can work for
other people so I started doing some
coaching courses and at the time I was
doing everything in mostly in English uh
and then I started doing it again in
Spanish when I realized that the Spanish
Market was finally evolving because
we're always a bit behind over
here when I saw that there was a demand
in my own language then I went back to
mostly Spanish and so yeah that's pretty
much what I started doing I I made a lot
of mistakes I fell for a few scams here
and there
I obviously quit the MLM somewhere on
the road and yeah that's it gotcha
there's so many great things that I want
to unpack from your story and we'll
definitely come back to talking about
affiliate marketing and even talking
about speaking in your language versus
in English um and kind of going back um
because I think that's so interesting
and definitely something I want to talk
more about um but I I loved at the
beginning of your story how you said it
was kind of like an organic you almost
fell into it it was like hey I had this
skill set so this company was like Hey
can you do this for us or this business
said can you run our Twitter for us and
so it very much organically grew from
there and I love that you also admitted
that you know there have been ups and
downs and there have been failures and
there have been challenges so many
challenges along the way but you
continue to learn from those things and
and continue to grow um so I'm curious
when you were first getting started how
did you kind of get your name out there
and start getting you know found as as a
social media manager and um just like
when you know day one before you had
even really launched and and grown very
much on your own social media how are
you found well it was at the beginning
you know I started doing my research on
Google like how to do you know because I
was doing this network marketing
business the first thing I Googled was
network marketing you know how does this
business work how do I get results in
this thing and that's how I discovered
several experts mostly in the US who
were talking about lead generation and
personal branding and how you can use
social media to attract people to you to
build a personal brand and so I started
following their advice so basically it
was and I don't know if you're familiar
with Perry Belcher um but he was one of
the first people I followed back then
and he was doing these YouTube
videos bad lighting bad everything but
the content was so good and he went he
even mocked himself like my videos you
know you have this dirty whiteboard and
all of that but as long as you do good
content that's what matters doesn't
matter so much what you look like uh it
doesn't matter so much um you know the
lighting and all this silly things that
people worry about it's more about the
message so I listen to him and he was
like you need to be like I said at at
that time Twitter was the social media
darling so he was like you need to be on
Twitter and you need to create
conversations and you need to be
remarkable and blah blah blah so I I'll
do that
so I started following people I started
interacting with people then I started
he would say you got to add value okay
so I would start you know reading blogs
and learning new things and then I would
share what I was learning and so I
started gaining a following slowly but
surely and sharing tips sharing advice
built my blog and then people started
following me and they were asking it
seems like you know about this stuff so
the key is you know if you want people
to perceive you as somebody who knows
what they're talking about then you
should know what you're talking about
like that should be like you should add
add value what does it mean to add value
it means precisely that that you share
something that can lead people to a
result big or small and so they get the
taste of that and so before I even
advertised myself as hey I help people
with their social media people started
asking me so it it seems like it was
easier back then it it's it wasn't
easier than it is today I mean back in
2010 um there were less people using
social media people called it a fad it's
going to go away right it's you know
smoke you know um so it's not really
like companies didn't take them didn't
take social media seriously so it was
small businesses that reached out to me
back then and then the big Brands came
uh into the into the scene so yeah it
was it's all about daring you have to
dare to to show up I was really shy as
well so for anybody listening who's
afraid of being on video afraid of being
on camera that was me I was very afraid
of being on camera and I decided all
right these gurus these experts that I'm
following they're saying you have to do
video you have to do this
okay I'll overcome my fear I mean it's
still there sometimes but you just get
used to it and so that's what I did and
um and it paid off absolutely I love
that it's it's still there sometimes but
you get used to it I think that's a
great way of putting it is that the fear
still exists you just get better at
living with the fear and accepting that
it's going to be there but you're going
to show up on the videos anyways um I
know you mentioned earlier that you
originally were teaching in English and
then you transition back to Spanish I
know that the majority of your content
now is in Spanish um and I I find it
very interesting how you um approach a
lot of your content where oftentimes uh
maybe the audio will be in English but
then there will be closed captions or
subtitles in Spanish or vice versa um
and I'm curious for anyone who's
listening either if they're specifically
asking themselves you know about
language and what language do I use what
what language should I speak in my
content or even just like the Brader
person who is maybe trying to figure out
their Niche and trying to figure out who
do I talk to and what demographic am I
going to attract I'm curious for you how
did you know and how did you decide when
to speak English versus when to speak
Spanish when to kind of pivot back uh to
that Spanish-speaking Market was there
some Tipping Point for you or how was
that decision made yeah that's that's a
good question because uh I get that a
lot like people ask me hey should I do
bilingual content uh or should I start
in English versus Spanish because
there's this perception that there's
more money in the in the English
language it may be true to a certain
extent and that's that was my my
Prejudice when I
started um people in the US and Europe
and you know other countries have more
money than that America or you know
especially with high ticket products uh
people in Latin America are not going to
pay $500 or a thousand or
$10,000 and so that's why I started with
the US market and also because all the
experts I was following were from there
like everything I was learning was in
English so it came natural to me if I'm
going to share what I'm learning I'm I'm
going to reshare it you know in English
um but then you know what I realized was
like a few years into it it's obviously
way more competitive um that
market uh in you know doing doing this
in the English language and so so people
who you know who knew that I was um that
I was from Chile and they they were
following me and they probably
understood English too they started
asking me can you share this in Spanish
you know so so so people were like can
you share this in Spanish can you share
this in Spanish can you translate that
this was probably around
20134 and then I started doing you know
that was before AI was a thing
um so I started doing videos okay I'm
going to do a video where I talk about
sales funnels okay I'm going to record
it twice I'm just going to do one in
Spanish and I'm going to say the same
thing in English right and so that
seemed to work and then and then what
happened was many of my Spanish videos
started to gain more attention started
getting more views than the English ones
why because there was a higher demand
and a lower supply for that content few
people were talking about what I was
talking talking about in
Spanish everything was in English same
thing that happened to me when I started
there was no information in Spanish and
if there was it was a bit weird or I
don't trust this guy you know a bit
scammy a
bit and so when I started talking about
this stuff people started appreciating
it thanking me more people were
interested um and then I started
realizing oh actually people are willing
to pay for this knowledge in Spanish too
huh huh
interesting and then I started seeing
people coming out of nowhere well
seemingly out of nowhere I'm sure they
also had their Journey but it seemed
like they came out of nowhere and
getting a lot of success in Spanish so I
was like okay I better get I better get
back into this space um yeah and
obviously what you refer to with the
translate with the subtitles and stuff
um when I started doing interviews back
in
20165 I did my first few interviews
without I didn't even have a podcast
yet and uh I started doing interviews
for my YouTube channel when these people
started saying yes you know Gary ve John
Lee Dumas Gran Cardone Russell Brunson
these were the few the first few people
I interviewed I was like huh there's you
know I'm on I guess I'm on to something
I'll start a podcast and then again I
was like huh not many Latinos are
interviewing these people the way I am
so let's add something titles and so you
know that's something I continue to do
people are super grateful for it um and
and again that also of course helps me
build my credibility and um bring you
know become kind of a bridge between
these experts who are most of them are
not producing any Spanish content and
they don't seem to care except for
you and so yeah that uh it's it's
something I continue to do and it's very
very rewarding even though I don't you
know honestly I don't get the views or
the reach that I wish I were
getting but you know when you get one or
two people who thank you for something
that you know that makes it all worth it
I love that that's I I think hopefully
very practical for everyone I love that
you very much listen to the market quite
literally people are messaging you
asking for things in Spanish or for
things to be translated and so you
followed suit and you delivered on the
value that they that they wanted um
speaking of your podcast I do want to
let anyone know for anyone listening um
I was I had the honor of being a guest
on your podcast so we'll link that up um
in the show notes below and then also
you mentioned what we're doing now which
is um our insta clubhub Latin America or
Spanish version of the insta Club Hub so
we'll link that up down in the show
notes below but really what all of this
is getting at for me is is like your
personal brand and how you specifically
show up on online and I know you're a
real expert when it comes to personal
branding with that being said something
that we always talk about is if you want
to grow your following you need to Niche
down you need to have your Niche or your
topic that you're talking about and so
I'm curious how do you balance or where
does niche fit into personal brand like
is personal brand just everything that
you like to do and then Niche is just
like part of that or how do you think
about these two concepts at the same
time yeah that's
again that's something that a lot of
people talk about and the funny thing is
many of the people who tell you to Niche
down you look at them and they are not
niching
down they're talking to
everyone yep and so the way I explained
that is you know because you know when I
started yes people were talking about
the the the niche thing already
obviously
um but for me I never really f filtered
so much my content like I'm only going
to talk to restaurant owners or I'm only
going to talk to women or I'm only going
to talk to people this certain age or um
so at the very beginning I was really
discovering this thing I think the best
way to find that Niche is to try a few
things you know and so my content was
always very neutral at least I wasn't
like talking to just women like many
other like women entrepreneurs seem to
do and men and many any man
entrepreneurs also only talk to men
right um for me I've always talked to
you know anyone who's listening pretty
much um but at the very beginning when
like I told you I was into affiliate
marketing so the first few clients that
I got you know after I did the social
media thing at the beginning yeah it was
a couple restaurants who hired me for
their social media strategy um without
me saying I'm only going to work with
restaurants which by the way is a very
very tough Market
restaurant business so it was it just
happened they just happened to be
restaurants right um but then when I
started doing the affiliate stuff and I
started coaching people well because I
was doing affiliate marketing
successfully it only made sense to well
help other affiliate marketers so
without me pursuing that it just again
sort of happened that other affiliate
marketers wanted my help so okay I was
helping affiliate marketers and then
that evolved into
coaches and course creators and experts
and people who wanted to build a
personal brand so even speakers
authors um but I I never I mean today I
mostly work with coaches course creators
uh personal Brands but um but I did try
like I work with you know I also worked
with network marketers because I had the
The Experience even though I didn't do
so well well with that business I knew
with what I learned in affiliate
marketing I knew that can work for mlms
as well so I helped some people like
that but I never put myself in a box and
I only help these people there there are
businesses that I know I'm not
comfortable with like e-commerce why
because I've never done e-commerce I
would feel weird I'll help you grow your
Amazon business I've never done Amazon
you see what I mean so I think sometimes
picking that Niche has a lot to do with
what you are good at
what is that zone where you're super
super confident that you can give
somebody results where and I love what
what um Frank Kern says you know he says
find you know to to Define your ideal
client find somebody where you have the
least friction to get them results you
know who who can you help get results
where it generates the least amount of
friction
and what if they only paid you after
they got results
so work only with those people right so
that helped me narrow it down a lot and
then what happens is after a while your
Niche can expand so it's I think it's
good to Niche down and then once you get
comfortable you can start expanding and
helping more people that's why the big
the big people who say you need to Niche
down they themselves are not niching
down is because maybe they did when they
started and now they've expanded
yeah yeah I absolutely agree I mean case
in point shellene Johnson the co-host of
this podcast is is such a great example
of that someone who you know she now if
you look at her page there is no Niche
my wife and I always joke about um
anytime my mom posts about a new topic
we say oh new Niche unlocked because
there's so many different topics and
there's Fitness and there's hormones and
there's business growth and there's X Y
and Z all on her social media but to
your point most people found out about
her or knew about her from 20 years ago
when she was super niched down when it
was just health and wellness fitness
related content um but over time she's
you know um grown and branched out and
kind of adopted these other other areas
to her personal brand so I think that
all very much makes sense to me
something that you've talked about a few
times is affiliate marketing and I know
recently um I was a part of a launch
that you were also an affiliate for and
it was so cool to see because they would
send the leaderboard of this like
affiliate launch and your name was
always like right there at the top right
there with like if anyone listening is
thinking of like the biggest names in
the industry your name's right there
among them and also to say for myself I
wasn't even in the top 10 and it was so
cool to see your name just reappearing
up up at the top every single time they
would send out like the leaderboard um
and so I'd love to just have you share a
little bit more about affiliate
marketing and some of your top tips and
recommendations or strategies um for
someone who who's maybe just finding out
about affiliate marketing for the first
time absolutely and you know affiliate
marketing is great when you're starting
out that's one of the reasons I went for
it uh because you don't need your own
product you don't have to deal with with
customer service you don't have to
deliver the product so it's a great
business model you know as long as you
pick the right companies the right
products obviously but it's a really
cool business model and you know to
explain it in a few words it's just when
you take a product or a service it can
be digital it can be also physical um
that you know it's a product from
somebody else and you promote it and
they pay you a commission so you're like
the middle man and Amazon for example is
one of the oldest affiliate programs
right they don't pay very well
but I have a tempted to promote Amazon
products you need so much volume like
you have to be a super super super influ
to make any money with Amazon but um
it's it's basically um taking somebody
else's product and promoting it and
earning a commission and so with digital
products it's it's way better because
there's there are more uh margins the
margins are bigger so they they can
afford to pay you a better um a better
commission and so when I started
affiliate marketing I was doing High
ticket affiliate marketing where they
would pay you ,000
$2,000 commissions and so on so it was
really cool um as long as there is a
funnel that converts like you definitely
want to if you're going to do this you
want to study the the company that you
will promote the products that you will
promote you want to make sure that it's
trustworthy because there there's there
are some fishy players as as always and
again what I like about it is that you
can create content around somebody
else's product right for example a
review so many like if you go on YouTube
and you try to find a review for a
camera you want to buy or a microphone
you will find affiliate links in the
description of every
video and if you if somebody's promoting
a
software right uh you will find
affiliate links as well and so I started
doing that I started doing reviews I
started sharing my experience you know
this is what I'm doing this is the
result I got this is where you can sign
up and so on and so today for example
when I promote kajabi or clickfunnels or
or other systems uh where I'm an
affiliate and I like making content
around it I give value and then I'm like
this is the tool that I'm using if
you're going to teach email marketing if
you want to teach about funnels or
anything you want to teach attach you
know an affiliate link to it also many
things that we use in our business the
software that you're using right for
your um email marketing for example or
to build your pages or you know the
books you read or you know where you
record podcasts or you know even man
chat has an affiliate program um check
if the tools that you're paying every
month for your business do they have
affiliate programs and get signed up and
then when you get a customer and they
need you know they need to use maybe the
same tools that you
use recommend give them your affiliate
link and what I love about that is that
whether it becomes a profitable business
for you or not at least those tools will
end up paying for themselves that's how
it is for me at least like I I at least
get the money back that I'm spending and
if it's more awesome so I definitely
recommend affiliate marketing to anyone
even if you're just starting out it's a
great way to learn new skills and if you
don't have your own products also good
way to start you can also promote
people's courses people's coaching
programs um anything really today I love
that well thank you so much for laying
that out when I first got started I
started this um I I created my first
website on I think what was called
Bluehost I don't use it anymore it was
kind of like a GoDaddy type of website
where it's like you could have your
domain there and and um build a site on
there and this was back in maybe 2015 or
2016 um but it was a tool like you said
that I had learned how to used and
something that I had to use for my own
business to host my own domain name my
own site um and so I made like an
educational tutorial um and showed
people like how to use Blu host and kind
of walked them through my setup process
and then I included an affiliate link to
sign up for Blu host and it was
literally exactly what you just said um
it wasn't necessarily going to pay the
bills but it was something that covered
the cost of having the domain name every
month and so um I I love that you spoke
about funnels though um and I know
that's that's a big key to your success
I know that's something that you teach
can you help me understand a little bit
more about maybe what goes into
affiliate funnels and what are things
that people should consider I'm sure
there's people listening who are like
what the heck even is a funnel they're
just thinking of the plastic thing that
you use to scoop powder into your water
like what is a funnel how does it work
and how does it specifically work for
like an affiliate product I love that
yeah well yeah that's the plastic thing
so well you know in general terms you
know funnel is is it's pretty much it is
a website right but it's a website that
has a specific objective like a very
specific goal so for example if I want
people to download an ebook instead of
sending them to my main website where
there's a lot of distractions my blog
there you know the products that I sell
about me there's an About Me section
there's a contact form you know a
typical website has a menu bar with a
bunch of things and so if I send people
there when I only well when all I want
them to do is download an ebook they're
going to get lost and distracted so you
create a funnel for your ebook or your
video or your webinar or your podcast
where the only focus is I want you to
give me your name and email and download
this thing or I just want you to
subscribe to my podcast or I just want
you to attend this webinar
and so the only purpose you know it's
very focused and it only has one purpose
or I want you to buy this product you
know when when a fun when there's a
funnel um that is only selling one
product instead of an entire store so
that's what I love about funnels is that
they're very specific and of course
having a website is great I have my
website it helps a lot with Google SEO
Etc with branding but it's not the best
lead generator out there because you got
to put a lot of things on your website
and so a funnel is what I would
recommend and it's called a funnel
because you will have you know you you
can have a lot of visitors at the top
and then those visitors turn into
interested people you know they e they
either opt in for something and then
there are less people that are going to
buy something and then there are even
less people that are going to buy
something else or buy again and so it's
it goes like this right it goes like a
funnel from really wide and then it
starts becoming more narrow um so it a
funnel has the goal of converting people
who are curious into prospects and then
hopefully into customers and then
clients and then of course fans or
repeat customers and for affiliate
marketing you know you were you know
mentioning the affiliate competition
that we were both in just a few months
ago
um if you're promoting somebody else's
product of course there are many many
other people promoting the same thing so
you still have to find a way to
differentiate Yourself and Stand Out so
bro was promoting this I was promoting
this and like from what I've heard
another 700 people were promoting the
same
thing not everybody got results not
everybody got sales not everybody got um
uh prospects interest U leads but how do
you stand out you start creating content
around the offer you have your own
funnel
so that the page looks different from
everybody else's page because when you
have an affiliate link it's basically
the same link for everyone with just
either a variation or a cookie or a
Tracker but the page looks the same so
how do you stand out you create your own
page you create your own content your
own video your own review and so that
works like I said that works for
physical products courses software
anything and having your own funnel also
allows you to capture
the the leads right if somebody opts in
because they're interested in checking
out what you're promoting but then they
don't buy then you at least capture
their contact details and you can follow
up with them and then you know you do
your own
followup and then maybe they don't buy
this thing but then they buy another
thing so the value of building that
email list even as an affiliate is also
what what really motivates me to
participate in in other people's
affiliate competitions uh because
I still get to build my list and if I
make commissions awesome I also buil the
list in the process uh of course you got
to build a relationship and all of that
but it's a uh it's a very useful tool
yeah that that totally makes sense to me
I'm curious in your actual campaign
let's say during um during this launch
that was just a few months ago that we
keep speaking about how many emails are
you sending to your email list through
throughout that campaign or throughout
that launch roughly a
lot um well usually when when I
participate in an affiliate launch you
know I try I try to start promoting at
least two days in advance like two days
before the big event or the big webinar
uh where they're selling the actual
product so at least two weeks in advance
I start emailing so that's one email a
day at least and then when it's like hey
it's it's tomorrow or it's today the day
that is happening then I send maybe two
or three emails that day and then I also
email I continue to email once a day
until you know the card closes because
when when you have a launch whether it's
affiliate launch or your own launch
there's usually a day where you open
registrations or you open the cart and
then there's a day where you close the
cart where either the product is no
longer available or the offer is no
longer available so you can still buy
the product but now you don't get the
free gifts or bonuses or incentives or
discounts or whatever so when the
deadline
comes uh I also send maybe three or four
emails that day so it's it can be very
intense yes you'll get a few people to
unsubscribe and that's fine I mean it's
better it's good that people unsubscribe
because well they were not interested to
begin with and it makes room for new
people who may be interested in what
you're selling so uh email marketing has
been also very powerful tool for me and
I use it in affiliate marketing and also
uh when I'm promoting my own stuff as
well gotcha and I love that you said
that you know you want them to
unsubscribe and you think of it as a
good thing having an unsubscribe from an
email list I would compare it to having
an unfollow on social media it might
feel bad it might hurt your ego in the
moment you have to remember that it's a
good thing because that person leaving
um is for a reason they're leaving
because it wasn't right for them they
weren't ready at this time maybe they'll
come back in the future but if nothing
else it's making space for that right
person um and so I love that but that's
you you you know you weren't kidding
when you said a lot of emails that's 10
to 14 emails over a two week period and
then having you know two to three emails
on the cart open or the day of the
webinar or whatever and then two or
three emails on the cart close how do
you come up with like what goes in those
emails are they you know 17 paragraph
long emails are they all super short
does it go back and forth do you put
value in each of them like I'm curious
what goes into the actual emails for uh
the affiliate launches well I I pretty
much use the same strategy for my own
launches too but it's basically you you
don't want to just send emails that are
reminders and this is a mistake that
people make when they're promoting
something as affiliate or their own
thing hey three days to go we start in
two days we start next week and then
people open those emails and they all
look the same it's just a reminder hey
just sending this email to remind you
that in three days we're having our
Master Class blah blah blah and then
it's two days and one day and so on same
with you know hey it's open it closes in
three days it closes right so yes
there's a time and a place for those for
me it's like maybe the last couple
emails are hey we're starting in one
hour so yeah I definitely want to put
some urgency in the fact that time is
running out um or it's closing in one
hour but that doesn't mean that you
cannot add some uh some content or some
value in those emails and so what I do
is I do a mix between content and
testimonials and stories so I can share
my own story with the product I can
share somebody else's story you know
like a testimonial I can also teach
people how to you know use the thing
that we're promoting you can also
generate curiosity so this is what we're
going to cover in this class or this is
why you need to be in this class you're
going to learn this this this and this
so you also start sharing some
benefits and then you always have to
have a bonus offer again you have to
differentiate yourself why should I buy
from you when I can buy from somebody
else the same thing well because my
bonus is better right so you want to
learn how to create compelling offers
and not just rely on oh this thing is so
good it's going to sell itself no
nothing sells
itself uh maybe maybe iPhones kind of
still sell themselves but um most
products requ require some kind of
incentive of offer especially as an
affiliate so if you have a bonus offer
yes you also want to talk about that in
your emails this is what you're going to
get access to this this this and the
benefits always always always be benefit
oriented and not so much you know
characteristics you know yeah sure it's
four
modules of the course if you're selling
a course each module is 60 Minutes
whatever sure may be curious about that
but they really want to know what are
they going to get when they finish
module one what am I going to get when I
finish module two or the software what
am I going to be able to do with this
software I don't necessarily need to
know where it's
built um or you know how the code works
I want to know what I can do with this
so you can also do videos and this is
another thing I do right I do video
reviews I do walkthroughs and I send
this in my emails so literally if I'm
promoting something as an affiliate and
like I said this works the same if it's
your own product or affiliate product I
buy the product obviously I'm not going
to promote something I wouldn't be
willing to buy so I buy it and then I
make a video and I walk them through hey
this is what it looks like on the inside
to make it more tangible so once you log
in this is what it's going to look like
you're going to click here this is what
you're going to do this is how it works
all right so click the link get enrolled
right so that I've had people who have
thanked me hey thanks so much for
showing what it looks like because that
again makes it more tangible ah okay
this is what it looks like this is what
I'm going to get all right I see this is
the software this is what it can do so I
alternate you know the emails between
the like I said the reminders what you
get testimonials reviews some content
for example um with um Dean graos launch
and with Tony I always do an interview
with Dean so again I also share my
interview with Dean right um if and
there are other affiliate promotions
where the creator also off first to do
interviews with a few people awesome I
do an interview now I have another piece
of content that I can share to continue
to incentivize people to join this thing
and even if you're a small affiliate
you're just getting started you're not
going to get an interview that's okay
you can still do everything else I just
said you can still share your experience
you can still do a review you can still
it's you know something I did once um I
was also promoting uh Tony and Dean's
thing and I was in their Facebook group
and I was watching People's testimonials
like they were just posting their
results oh I I did my first launch or I
did my first course and this is the
result and I would reach out to some of
those people and ask them hey can I do a
quick interview with you and I
interviewed a few of their clients and I
use that for my
content and you know people want to see
other people getting results with the
thing that you're
selling that is um that's so smart I
that strategy right there I'm just
thinking of literally anyone listening
today who is an affiliate for basically
any product but especially like a
digital product something where people
are learning something or where there's
like a a clear you know result that
they're going to get a a benefit out of
it a before and after if you will um wow
like that's so smart to reach out to the
people who are already sharing their
wins like I'm picturing like if
someone's an affiliate for any course or
any you know online entrepreneur and
they can find those testimon then
interview them because everyone wants to
talk about themselves and so now you're
getting to interview these testimonials
these these people who have had these
wins they're sharing their story so it's
so they enjoy it you are getting content
so it's a win for you and then you can
use that content to then turn around and
be an affiliate or or make more
affiliate sales or conversions that is
such a genius strategy uh Caroline I
wish I wish we had more time to continue
diving into all of the other areas of
expertise that you have with AI and
personal branding and helping you know
coaches really scale their their online
business so I I just want to say thank
you so much for for sharing all of this
with us today I know this has been so
helpful for everyone listening um and
I'll let you um kind of share any last
words that you have with our audience
before we wrap up today yeah absolutely
and I'm I'm happy in the future to do
you know follow up with you and talk
about some more stuff I'd love that so
if you know anybody listening or or
watching um well first of all thank you
for listening to us and uh I hope you
got at least one idea one takeaway one
thing you can do today um for your
business uh if you want to dive into
affiliate marketing that's awesome uh
but just you know just keep going for me
it was like I said at the beginning you
know I started studying these things in
2008 I didn't really get like the big
results until 2012 so that was a 4-year
process for me and people today are even
less patient than back then yeah people
today they're not going to wait three
months or a month even they're going to
try something ah this doesn't work I
mean imagine if I had quit and I said ah
this social media thing doesn't work or
this internet marketing business thing
doesn't work I wouldn't be here
today so be patient keep going you know
keep testing new things find that thing
that works find that thing you know if
you're passionate about something follow
that passion as well and if you're doing
something at least you know even if
you're not super passionate about it at
least be interested in it like don't
don't because this is this a mistake
that I made of course at the beginning
like I would try a few things that I
wasn't even interested in and that's
also why they didn't work but find that
thing you know try some things get your
feet wet uh see what you like and keep
learning you know from people like Brock
uh he's really cool guy really
knowledgeable guy um you know find Role
Models find people that that's what I
did you know find Role Models find
people who are already where you want to
be and who can help you skip a few steps
maybe not all of them you still have to
do the work there's no easy uh simple
overnight success solution that doesn't
exist um but you can sure get some
shortcuts that's for sure you don't have
to it doesn't have to take four years uh
like it did for me um but yeah just be
ready to to find that thing that passion
and if you help other people along the
way even better I couldn't agree more
thank you so much for sharing all of
that thank you for being here thank you
for having me thank you so much for
listening today I will link up
Carolina's socials and all of her links
Down Below in the show notes I
appreciate you for watching and or
listening today and I really just want
to encourage you to just get started you
know her her joke and our our laugh
about people not having the same
patience nowadays I don't know if that's
totally true I it definitely feels true
to me I might just be being dramatic um
but patience is huge and patience isn't
sexy patience is never talked about I've
never once gotten a question about
patience and yet patience is something
that I could talk about every single day
because it's that necessary for growing
online so whether you're becoming an
affiliate marketer whether you're
growing your email list whether you're
launching a podcast no matter what you
are doing to make money online patience
is key keep showing up keep being
consistent and have the patience to
stick with the strategies that are
proven to be effective thank you so much
for listening today I hope you consider
subscribing if you haven't already and
I'll see you next week and as always
happy networking
[Music]
oh